1) 	You are the Project Manager of a Banking project. Your client has planned to come down to your project location for a visit. You are responsible for supervising the arrangements for the visit.

Please write a mail to one of your project leaders

Saying when the client will arrive
Explaining the agenda during the client visit
Telling him the arrangements for lunch



2)  	You and your team had worked for 3 months on a project and you just received a client feedback on it which is not very positive. The client is not happy with the UI and has asked you to re-work on it. Also client has asked to include 2-3 more instances in the scope of the current project. 
Write an email as a reply to this. Please mention the feasibility of including the new changes. (Hints- shortcomings, budget, time, quality, skills)


3) 	You have received a mail that reflected poor participation of your team members in Fit4Life and Purpose4Life initiatives of the company. Write an email that communicates the importance of such initiatives and your plans to improve your team's participation. (word limit:150 words)


4) 	At your office, employees are allowed to skip their morning break to take longer lunch breaks. However, the Branch HR says that employees have been taking too much time(longer than allowed) on their lunch breaks as a result of this policy. 

She requires all employees to take their morning break and the standard lunch break. 

Write an email to your manager explaining whether or not you are in favor of this proposal and why.


5) 	You had requested your manager for an on-site opportunity few months back. Today you have got that chance and you are selected to go to Germany for a 3 months assignment. But due to personal reasons your are unable to accept the opportunity right now. Write an email to your manager explaining your concern.



6) 	The software application you are working on has encountered an error. As per the deadline, you are supposed to handover the module to the Testing team tomorrow. Write an email to your Project Leader/ supervisor describing the situation and stating that the problem is getting fixed but it will take 3 more working days. 


7) You have fixed up an appointment with a prospective customer and at the same time an existing important customer wants to meet you urgently. How do you convince the customer whom you can’t meet immediately? Please write a mail to your existing customer mentioning the same


8) You have been assigned a base location which is other than your preferred location. Please write a mail to the RMG SPOC for transfer to another location for a personal reason

9) 	Write an email to your client mentioning that you have found an issue in the product in phase one enhancement. 
Assumption – You have delivered the phase one enhancement and working on phase two. 
Hints -  Mention the issue, cause of the issue, corrective and preventive action to be taken.  
(Word Limit – 130 to 150 Words) 



10) Your team is currently working on the development of a product which would be launched by the TATA Foundation in March 2015. Write an email describing the status of the project to the Marketing Manager.


11) 	You are organising the Christmas celebrations at your location. Write an e-mail to all the associates and staff, inviting them to the same.
Points to include:
	1) Date, time and venue of the event. 
	2) Dress Code (if any)
            3)Information about food coupons and fees.



12)	Your client, has asked for a redesign of the application that you have developed. After a discussion with your team, 2 solutions were short-listed for the activity.

Write an email proposing the plans to the client, offering your suggestions.  (Word limit : 150)


13) On reporting to the base branch, you have been asked to share a brief summary of your experience in the Initial Learning Programme (ILP), in connection with an upcoming on-site project requirement. Write an email to the project manager about your key learnings in ILP. (

14) You have received a mail from the Delivery Manager stating a decline in Customer Satisfaction Rating for the account. As a Project Lead, write an email to the team cascading the news.
 You may  include 
action items to pull up customer satisfaction 
elicit ideas and suggestions from team members.


15) As a team lead, you have been asked by your supervisor to nominate 2 members(who need improvement in communication skills) from your team for a training programme in communication skills.  Write an email to your supervisor regarding the same, clearly communicating why the choice was made.
 
